Update Ohai Custom Plugins (#3329)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/ohai.md

{{% ohai_summary %}}

> Ohai collects data for many platforms, including AIX, Darwin, Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, Solaris, and any Microsoft Windows operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ohai collects data for many platforms, including AIX, macOS, Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris, and any Microsoft Windows operating systems.
```

## Optional Plugins

Ohai ships several optional plugins that you can enable in the [client.rb configuration file](/config_rb_client/).

- `:IPC` - SysV IPC shmem information (New in Chef Infra Client 16)
- `:Interupts` - Data from /proc/interrupts and /proc/irq (New in Chef Infra Client 16)
- `:Lspci` - PCI device information on Linux hosts.
- `:Lsscsi` - SCSI device information on Linux hosts.
- `:Passwd` - User and Group information on non-Windows hosts. This plugin can result in large node sizes if a system connects to Active Directory or LDAP.
- `:Sessions` - Sessions data from loginctl on Linux hosts.

> - `:Sysctl` - All sysctl values on Linux hosts.

Reviewer: We're missing a one more here:

Grub2: Information from the Grub2 bootloader on Linux

end
```

Hint files are located in the `/etc/chef/ohai/hints/` directory by default. Use the `Ohai.config[:hints_path]` setting in the [client.rb configuration file](/config_rb_client/) to customize this location.

> ## ohai Cookbook Resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ohai Resource
```
